aigpk docs (#2100)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: ai-gateway/observability/metrics.mdx

### Quota metrics (API key scope only)

<Warning>

> **Safe API key access**: `m.metrics.api_keys` is only populated for keys that have made requests recently, so a given model may have no entry for a given key. Accessing a missing map entry in CEL throws — always check existence first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Safe API key access**: `m.metrics.api_keys` is only populated for keys that have made requests recently, so a given model may have no entry for a given key. Accessing a missing map entry in CEL throws—always check existence first.
```

> ❌ This errors if the key hasn't issued a request for this model yet:

Reviewer: "This errors" reads oddly to me

```suggestion
❌ This throws an error if the key hasn't issued a request for this model yet:
```
